what's going on everyone - boy zero
designs here and today I'm just giving
you a quick tip on turning text into
shape layers and adding new effects to
that so let's get started so let's
create a new composition let's call this
our main home and let's make it 1920 by
1080 on 30 frames/second duration 10
seconds it's fine so let's just create a
new text so we were just gonna call this
my or let's just got a tutorial there we
go and just make sure it's aligned
properly by the align panel you can get
that and going to window and click the
align one and let's make sure that our
fun as well our size as well and
everything here is just perfect because
we're going to change this into shapes
and add some effects to it so let's just
right click this and create shapes from
text so let's call that so now we get I
knew a new file pretty much and that is
all our letters so if you go into the
contents you can see all letters in a
shape so what we can do now is just
select the layer go to add and let's say
eyelet trim pass and as you can see you
can have this weird reveal have it come
on
this way it's just pretty cool and you
can just add a couple of these effects
as well so let's just add let's say a
wiggle path and you can see this is a
weird effect from the part I gave so you
can you could kind of make a weird with
looking animation right here you can add
something more you can add a round
corners and make this look round and
yeah
I you know you can use this for kind of
making your text more interesting I
guess you can use a pucker and boat you
could just pretty much use all of those
and kind of play around really so I hope
you enjoyed this tutorial you can
actually you can animate these so just
click the stopwatch go a couple free
keyframes forward and OH
and change it back to zero and that it's
animated so we can take a look at that
so this is just pretty much just a cool
tip you can use inside artifacts to make
your composition a bit more interesting
so remember to leave a like and comment
if you enjoyed this tutorial and I'll
see you guys next time